coral elongata is an algae that abounds
much in the intertidal pools where
grows right up to the water level without
expose themselves never to the fixed air small
amounts of calcium to adopt a
certain hardness of segmented nature
as we see in these photographs
increased
gelidium cesky pedal is a red algae that
once used as a fertilizer in the
orchards and today they are extracted from her
numerous cosmetic products for
make creams like the agar covers
large extensions and supports strong
waves when there is a storm at sea is
frequent reaching the beaches
numerous shrubs of these algae
calípari sicilia is from the arats union
lingua tum are two red algae a lot
logically very similar both
They present flat and fleshy leaves with
small generations on its edge
The genus Lito films are calcareous algae
that they look like scabs with
unique formations called coral and
no geno because its morphology and process
of calcification are very similar to
of the corals of the tropical seas
litho phylum incrust shape crusts
roses that cover the interstices and
rocky cracks while the landmark
filaments a grows in the intertidal
exposed adopting an aspect similar to
a brain with numerous holes where
always harbors some worm
mesophile a little today des is another alga
calcareous that grows already in the subtidal
greater depths preferably in
the cracks exposed to currents
not bad and in the minute and from your ship
Check presents tubular fronds
Elastic and spongy is developed in
the intertidal exposed
to go to the pits gun is a red seaweed
similar to a moss that supports well
the swells of the waves